I'm not using any ftv nothing it went
300 meter and it's following those
waypoints on Google Earth I can't see
anything from your very very dark
altitude airspeed 61 304 where's the
point turning art with a lot of koala
where is not beeping huh la palma Eva
your supper door oh yeah take the
recordable sugar till CLE the hunger you
should sue them back in a year
15.5
all right so uh as you can see here on
the computer beautiful lines dis despite
of lots of lots of Crossman's the plane
follows with exact precision the line to
the Waypoint insurance and now it's
coming back to the way point five and it
will either move or we will just cancel
it when it goes to the way point2 I will
bring it to home and so after that we
will fly it again and we'll turn off the
GCS and the plane will follow the
waypoints actually it will come back to
home it will take a turn do you see the
homing button that's green
ok so it will turn back
I will cancel all the commands
controller clean and the lenders
now I'm flying the plane I'll shoot the
landing
on it
you
bye